Forgot about life and magic tools
He must have been influenced by the Fa Zhen
It lost its effect.
Husband, why are you not moving?
speak out
Where did your nerve cultivation come from at such a young age?
Humph
I'm afraid I've already been swallowed up by this
Already a dead man
Hmph, I broke the first 40,000 formations first
He made it through the first four steps
It turned out that it was all the credit of the Dragon King
This scoundrel pretended to be the Dragon King to provoke the Western Regions
Dead
I'm not dead.
Even if you don't die
You are also the end of the strong slave now
You can't get through this thousand miles
It must be in the bag of my Western Regions
Can't see now
I can only try to skip it.
Just a piece of waste paper
This Dragon King doesn't need it at all
Take it one step at a time.
Like this disciple
I'm afraid you don't have that life
Deadly effect
The Stack of Hearts
My fate is up to me